finish migration to code tabs in migration guide (#3035)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-migration/incompat-type-inference.md

Scala 2 reflective calls are dropped and replaced by the broader [Programmatic Structural Types]({{ site.scala3ref }}/changed-features/structural-types.html).

Scala 3 can imitate Scala 2 reflective calls by making `scala.reflect.Selectable.reflectiveSelectable` available wherever `scala.language.reflectiveCalls` is imported.

{% tabs define_structural %}
{% tab 'Scala 2 and 3' %}
```scala
import scala.language.reflectiveCalls

val foo = new {
  def bar: Unit = ???
}
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

> However the Scala 3 compiler does not infer structural types by default, and so infers type `Object` for `foo`, rather than `{ def bar: Unit }` as in Scala 2.13, so the following structural selection fail to compile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However the Scala 3 compiler does not infer structural types by default.
It infers the type `Object` for `foo` instead of `{ def bar: Unit }`.
Therefore, the following structural selection fails to compile:
```
